{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red28\green28\blue28;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red254\green254\blue254;\red42\green47\blue60;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 TELE301: Lab 5	Wi-Fi
\b0 \
\
1.
\i practical
\i0 \
\
2.When evaluating a wireless network, things that i would take into consideration would be:\
-Things in the environment, such as obstacles(walls, and different floors), metal foundations\
-what kind of interference i would be expecting, such as bluetooth and microwaves.\
-How many people will be using the wireless network\
-How reliable does the network have to be for the people using it. Because compared to a wired network, Wifi does not have a reliable connection. Wired networks are faster if setup correctly and are much more reliable\
\
\
3.802.11.ac\
-speed is 900 mbs  and capable of 1300mbs\
-uses 5ghz band\
-roughly the same range as 802.11n\
-1-8 channels\
-At 5ghz band, so shouldnt be effected by same thing as 11n\
\
4.I feel that the most efficient place to put the access point would be on the ground floor in the top left of the lounge. I choose this position because it is a central location and is located in a primary area. The the floors in this flat are also wooden so shouldn\'92t have too much interference between levels. Also having it centralized means that the above rooms on either side of the flat should get similar signal strength.\
\
5.x\
\
6. \
-WPA became available in 2003 and was to take place of the WEP standard. It could be The WPA protocol implements much of the 802.11i standard. Originally the WEP used a 40 bit or 104-bit encryption key that must be entered manually. WPA users a message integrity check\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 , which is designed to prevent an attacker from altering and resending data packets. WPA2 replaced WPA. WPA2, which requires testing and certification by the Wi-Fi Alliance, implements the mandatory elements of IEEE 802.11i.\
\
\cf4 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 -\cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 RADIUS is a networking protocol that provides centralized authentication. RADIUS runs in the application layer using UDP as a transport.  802.1X is an IEEE standard for port based network control. It is apart of the IEEE 802.1 group networking protocols. Like RADIUS it provides an authentication mechanism to devices wishing to attach to LAN or WAN. EAP is an extensible authentication protocol it its an authentication frame work which is used in wireless networks and point to point connections EAP is actually used int WPA and standards have been adopted by IEEE 802.1XAP-TTLS is divided into 2 phases: In the first phase: it uses EAP-TLS to set up a tunnel. In this phase the client authenticate the server. The server is unable to authenticate the client because the client usually use anonymous id in the first phase. In the second phase, EA-TTLS uses another authentication method( can be other EAPs or MS-CHAP) in the tunnel.\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
7.\cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 The primary goal of these extensions to Wi-Fi Simple Configuration is to simplify the setup, security and management of Ad-hoc Wi-Fi networks. It is also the goal that this specification provides users with the assurance that their Ad-hoc wireless networks are protected against unauthorized access and disclosure of private information. PIN is where A Rich UI device such as a PC, cell phone or TV set allows PIN number input using a keypad. So PIN is used for validation. PBC is A configuration method triggered by pressing a physical or logical button on the Enrollee and on the Registrar.}